This is a head-gum original.
I had to put this on my cat tree, my cat's cat tree, sorry.
And now she's on the second tier, and she's shaking it all about.
So if you guys are sorry, and now I'm seeing Joel, and he's sitting and leaning like he's
in a press junket.
Do you have something to say, Joel?
What's a press junket?
You gotta be cheating me without this episode has started.
We started?
Kidding me?
Oh, you guys didn't hear the sound.
Okay.
Yeah.
Got it.
No, we're going.
We're absolutely going.
I thought that that was the energy that Joel you wanted to have going through.
Now you can hear this, right?
So is that part where you put off Ali right as Susan the middle of talking?
Was that the beginning of the film?
That was the theme song.
Yeah.
Got it.
That's exactly right.
I didn't hear that.
Yeah.
None of us did.
My hair is wet.
I'm a little self conscious about it.
We're not going to talk about it.
What we are going to talk about is gratitude.
I think we should explain to Joel what a press junket is.
Take it away, Marika.
It's when, like, for a movie or a TV show, there's people being interviewed for, like,
from the cast or director, whatever.
A lot of times now they're on Zoom and you just look like you're one of those people
that's just waiting for questions from bustle or something like that.
Peanut gallery.
No, exactly.
No, you're the star of the show.
Okay.
I'll take it.
And everyone else is waiting to ask you a question for five minutes before they have to leave
and someone else comes in and that's your entire day.
You're just sitting here.
It's basically the surprise 24 hour live stream.
Joel, was it hard leaving your character behind once filming wrapped?
It was hard at first, but I decided to just still wear the clothes and still live my
life by a script, which kind of made the adjustment easier.
So what you're considering now is that you keep the clothes?
Yeah, this was all pre-scripted.
So how do you know that, because we're asking you questions and you're responding perfectly?
You're actually where you, he was a featured extra and silver lining's playbook.
And he still hasn't let it go.
That's a great pull.
You should get out of it.
That reminds me.
I'm not sure.
Feature extra.
Sorry, it was just like what was created.
It involves the eagles and then that's when I came up with it.
That was a great pull.
That's a great pull.
No bond of the week.
Right.
The whole thing is on hold.
Because now it's seemingly killing and Murphy though.
We can check it out.
Can I say one thing?
Yeah.
As soon as we stop doing it, everybody's like, wait, can I give a bond of the week?
When did we stop doing it?
Or why?
Okay.
So, Murphy could listen to the show.
So, Murphy could listen to the show week two week because I said two weeks ago.
Three weeks ago.
It's on hold.
Oh, like that.
Okay.
Well, even though it's on hold, I do have to say, okay.
So both of my family dogs just passed away in like these last couple of weeks.
And so that has been brutal.
Thank you.
But it's not okay, but it's okay, you know.
But anyway, I was talking to my dad on the phone yesterday.
And he was, and I mentioned that I was doing this this week.
And he was like, okay, well, if you do bond of the week, could you just say,
he literally was like, can you just say stand in George?
And they're the bond of the week.
So we have to do a proper one then.
Yeah.
Bond of the week.
Okay.
But my two dogs who are no longer with us stand in George.
They would have killed it if they were still around to be cast.
The fact they did.
That's good.
All throw in another dog messy from an anime of a fall.
The dog played Snoop.
And all throw in a person who's got that dog in him.
Leo messy.
Very nice.
And I'll do funky girl 10, 20 in her time with morning.
Kind of gone like Snoop dog or something.
That would be a clatter.
Still in a press drunk it.
Joel, have you been to Philadelphia this year?
Several times, I have a new nephew.
So there's been a lot of back and forth.
All right.
I couldn't do that.
I put him in the waiting room because he wasn't supposed to go.
He was supposed to stay put a lot.
Right.
You're supposed to stay put a lot.
Joel, I put him in the spot.
I put him to the test.
And yeah, first of all, you should have lied.
Second of all, you said you've been a ton of times.
Yeah, several like almost not quite every weekend.
But a week has noticed.
To it though.
I haven't been in the office quite as much.
A lot of people thought I moved actually.
I don't think that, but I know the rumors swirling.
Everyone was like, Joel, you freaking moved.
I was like, no.
I don't think there were.
Who started this?
There were rumors.
It wasn't safe.
I didn't start them.
Who started it?
I don't know.
So that's the thing about rumors.
You never know.
Like you can find that.
You can find that.
There's a place where you can find a telephone thing.
And how has Sage reacted, Marika?
Have you heard any word from Sage in terms of winning the headgun
March madness bracket?
Joel, how did you see this?
No.
Did you see this?
Did you get a lot of this garbage?
Yeah, no.
I told her last week right after.
Yeah.
I'll pull up the slack that she responded with.
But she hasn't seen it happen because it was kind of a moment
of education.
You obviously came in second.
I didn't even ask you how you felt about that.
And you were on the fucking Zoom.
I thought you did ask me.
I mean, I'm happy someone on my team won.
That's a really big, really big deal.
I feel like I've fostered that.
So that's good.
Yeah.
It's kind of nice to see the next generation sort of.
You serve your ass.
Sure.
Yeah.
Like is it resounding or is it kind of resolute?
Is it resounding?
Yeah.
Yes.
Or is it like five?
Okay.
All right.
Today we're going to talk about gratitude for no reason.
Are you guys familiar with Plum Deluxe?
No.
So Plum Deluxe is sort of a community that sells tea.
Loose leaf or loose leaf.
I remember when you bought 30 dollars of Cornfield's tea or was it no.
$100.
That's a lot of tea.
Or no.
It was an outstanding amount.
Yeah.
And I tried to get him to reimburse me and he didn't.
So.
But he paid me 30 dollars.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
No.
The try guys are on my shirt list.
I'm down to try and start some action.
I'm dead, though.
No.
I love Ned.
Mostly his interpersonal relationships.
Okay.
So Plum Deluxe is a tea store slash club slash community community.
And they part of the community is that they have this kind of online journal.
Right.
So I found this article for Mandy Hayes that says the gratitude dinner.
Mindful conversations starters for your next gathering.
So, you know, it's Friday.
I think we all have that Friday feeling.
I know that a lot of the show is conversation enders.
So I'm trying to actually.
Let's try to have a good episode today.
Let's try to actually talk about stuff.
Let's try to be a little earnest.
Let's try to be a little grateful.
We're going to just go through this article and we're going to follow.
How Andy Hayes thinks that a small gathering should go.
Is everyone on board?
I guess.
Yeah.
Okay.
Sure.
So the first prompt is past.
We all have to say one thing that we appreciate about the other three.
Marika, do you want to start?
The first prompt is past.
So basically it's an opportunity to open up the gratitude pipeline about the drug flow.
No, Joel explained it much better.
How did Joel say?
What did he say?
He said it's past or one person to the next.
So no one's going to say it.
So you're all going to pass on past.
There's a terrible start.
Pat.
Oh my God.
I have to say something about everybody.
All three of you.
Sorry.
All four of us have to say something.
We one thing we appreciate about the other three.
So Marika, you're going to go down the line and then Alio will go down the line and then Joel
go down the line.
What if you chose to choose one?
I just I definitely want to keep it together.
I'm really trying to keep it together.
But you guys are already like changing the game.
Yeah.
Let's do one.
So I like you joined the idea that.
And there were two things that happened.
One was that Alie thought the first thing I said was how much I missed her, which I
I wasn't actually saying, or that is true.
And then at the same time, we also have the same plan.
So I'm feeling very bonded with Alice.
We pull it out.
Get your be a boot.
OK, I'm going to amend my bond of the week
to the bond between Joel and Ali's plans.
It's really good.
I want to also say one, if we can get to more
than be great, but Marieka won't you just pass it off?
Yeah, I guess this is kind of a round about thing,
but it basically, I was trying to book this
help on you with booking guests for this episode.
And I was like, you know, who'd be good together,
Ali and Joel never been done.
I guess by the way, we should say.
Yeah, so I was thinking about that.
So ultimately, that's an on-year compliment for setting that up.
But by way of on-year, Jeff being the host,
bringing us all here together, that's your compliment.
Just bringing Ali and Joel together for this episode.
So you're, sorry, I'm really, again,
I'm really going to try and keep it straight
later today, but already your compliment is to me.
But it's really that you like hanging out with Ali and Joel.
Well, I'm happy that you, by way of on-year, brought them together.
So it's more compliment to on-year Ali and Joel.
You're just packaging it up and saying it's a compliment to me.
I don't appreciate it, but we will.
I'm grateful for it, whatever.
Ali.
OK, I'll start with you, Jeff.
I'm so grateful for you for the time that I was having my job
interview here, and you happened to walk into the studio
while Casey and On-Yo were on Zoom and said,
hey, Ali, and not really, I think, helped me get some good
conversational flow going where I was like,
see, it's already makes so much sense.
I don't think that's the reason you got the job.
I don't think it is either, but I think that that's a
Charlotte letter on your job interview.
That was the only calm I see in your last name.
I think that me saying, oh, I've actually gotten answers from Jeffrey James for years
is helpful.
That was so true.
It might not be answers you like, but I can get it.
He sometimes, you can get them down for a decade.
Yeah, I can do it.
All right, so Ali's compliment to me is again sort of backhanded
in that you slipped in a thing at the end there that I'm not good at my job.
Joel?
I already gave one to Ali.
What is this?
I'm literally starting this.
Yeah, the whole task is what I think.
And I think we did it because we all did one.
I didn't do one, and nobody prompted me, too.
Can we talk about how we're doing the fucking prompts from a T
company? Why are we doing it?
We're going to be dinner party from us.
I do it all the way.
There's no dinner party.
Okay, I was going to say this guy knows nothing about dinner parties.
He probably knows about tea parties.
He's the one to say Republican in the house.
I also want to say, when I'm with friends and we have to do a gratitude thing,
I don't like it.
Yeah, it's like me too.
Yeah, I have to share our best memory.
I don't like it.
I feel like there are some people who say they don't like it, but secretly like it.
Sure.
You know, there's always that the kid like to receive it.
I think Ali might be like that.
I believe you, Maria.
No, no, no, no, no.
I'm never one of those.
I'm thankful I didn't grow up in a family that was like the roses and thorns at the dinner table.
Mm-hmm.
I don't really...
I really don't like planned part like force participation in that way.
My attitude was always like, if something happened,
and I want to tell you, I'll tell you.
This whole podcast is forced participation by the way.
I really am a problem with it.
All right, I appreciate that you guys...
No, I have to give you one compliment.
All right, Joel, I appreciate that you were honest
about not following through and making good
on your doled-out resolution.
Your doled-out resolution.
But I do expect maybe for the...
You can make up for it for the rest of the year if you just don't could have filled it with you.
And don't say the holidays are really important.
Right.
Don't say my dad is turning 60.
I'm on the Plum Deluxe website.
Can we take their T quiz?
I'll answer.
Which T are you?
Yeah.
I'm obviously grateful for the innovation here, Murika,
but you're kind of like slowing us down.
You're sitting us down and you're not sitting down.
You're not sitting down.
You're not taking it again?
You're slowing us down.
You're sitting down and you're reconnecting with the wrong things.
I feel like I'm connecting with everyone by this.
We're going to find out our collective T.
But we are as a group as T.
Fine, fine.
Let's take the fucking quiz.
Are you new to T?
No, no.
I've been in this meeting.
No, T knowledge whatsoever.
What do you mean?
Consider myself a T-in-office.
Or is it a sign like a T?
Strong disagree.
That's an off-screen.
Doesn't it sound like a nudity?
Did anyone else get mad?
Do you enjoy new to T?
Something I love more than a T.
Sure, I'd be sure we would just go T-in-office.
Or do we all know our way around T?
Nava's fine.
I'd say I'm intermediate.
Nava's is also like kind of a novelty office,
which I would say the union square office kind of is
It's what she was saying.
It's a little sweet.
It sounds a little sweet.
Do you think we should say it?
That's a slight tip.
Is it the only one that's your goal by put up?
You should be fucking blessed that we have a
Shine Green Studio.
I do appreciate them.
Well, you know, it's more of a doop for Shine,
but I'll take it.
The New York Studio looks better on camera.
Well, don't say that.
Okay.
What type of T do you like?
Black, Ulong Green, White, Erbil,
Chai, Pura, or D-Cashiff?
Sorry, it's gossip and option.
No.
Is there one that's like the frog emoji next to it?
Well, cup, I don't mind that.
Yeah, kind of a global village coffee house thing.
Is sleepy time an option?
That's true.
I guess it's herbal.
We're all such different personalities.
Why are we taking this together?
We should all be very separately.
I think we're all, I think we're all agreed on herbal.
And we're in unity.
Unity, new to you.
What do you prefer?
Hot, iced, I enjoy both.
I enjoy both.
Hot, hot.
Hot.
Okay.
It was sounding hot.
We're sounding hot.
It's a good band name.
That's not bad at all.
Or is it Resilute hot?
No.
I like resounding hot.
Yeah.
Because it also sounds like we're sounding.
How do you take your tea?
Playing with milk, with sugar, with milk and sugar.
I enjoy a tea.
I enjoy tea a variety of ways.
I don't know.
Slash, I don't know.
With a friend.
Yeah.
Can you ride in with a friend?
There's no ride-in-op.
That's a variety of ways.
Maybe with sugar?
No, sugar.
Fine, a variety of ways.
Slash, I don't know.
What do your favorite flavors?
We have any idea, how many more questions there are?
Probably like three.
Fruity, floral, citrus, nutty, spicy, sweet, tart, nutty.
I think I'm a spicy, but I can go citrus.
Caffeine or no caffeine?
No.
Caffeine!
If it's tea-no, because I want to also have like a cafe.
Got it.
Caffeine does a great thing to me.
I enjoy both with and without caffeine.
Yeah, that's all right.
I mean, if we're doing like a collective work for answers,
we should just always do the one with the size.
Yeah, it's Malgamon, all the above.
A Malgamon in the middle.
That's nothing.
Sorry, that's a good pun, but it has nothing to do with the tea quiz.
I'm doing our results.
But it does have to do with the witch Malcolm in the middle brush.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
We're doing the results, Marika.
Oh, I would love to do it before we go.
Here we go.
We've never done this on the show.
Caffeine.
This show is sponsored by BetterHelp.
Guys, how is your social battery right now?
Because mine is at an all-time mid.
It can be easy to ignore that social battery, though,
and spread ourselves thin, especially with social gatherings picking up after the winter.
You know, invitations are going out, not necessarily to Joel's house,
cooling party, but still.
And it's hard to figure out what the right amount of socializing is for you.
Like, how do you like to recharge?
Maybe you thrive around people, or maybe you need some more alone time.
And therapy can give you the self-awareness to build a social life that doesn't drain your battery.
I'm in therapy every week.
I benefited from it greatly, and I would highly recommend to anyone thinking of giving
therapy a try that you start with BetterHelp.
It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule.
Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist,
and switch therapists at any time for no additional charge.
Find your social sweet spot with BetterHelp.
Visit BetterHelp.com slash what's that today to get 10% off your first month?
Again, that's BetterHelp.
H-E-L-P dot com slash what's that?
Thanks, BetterHelp.
And we're back.
Drumroll, please!
Our best matches, delightful morning blend, parentheses, Earl Grey Lavender.
I thought it was going to be like, U-Long, and then it was going to be bomb drop, and then
them.
Yeah, I mean, I have the name was U-Long.
The name was U-Long, yeah.
Or should we say too long?
No, I got it.
Nice.
That's really good.
I got it without the explanation.
Good day Jeff, didn't it?
I haven't seen you in too long.
Joel, is that anything Jeff?
That was really good, but that part isn't in the episode.
So it's an inside joke to just normal conversation.
And for dinner, we'll have a full-long from Subway.
Maria, what was the tea?
Delightful morning blend, Earl Grey Lavender.
Not an herbal tea, but let's just continue on with the gratitude,
small gathering article for you.
And I really want to do a Malcolm and middle close.
Is that what's happening fine?
I'll stay flexible.
Please, no.
It's not.
I'll stay flexible.
I did watch a bunch of Malcolm and the middle.
A few days ago.
It's a great show.
Everyone should watch it.
Bright Princeton has range.
Yeah.
Comedy and drama.
Not many people can say it.
You're so right, ultimately.
Still in Joel's press jacket.
He's like, sorry, he talked about me for a second.
It's on Stan.
All right, present.
While you search for a Malcolm and the middle quiz,
I'll also continue on with the plumb deluxe,
gratitude gathering guide.
Pile on the compliments.
Now, I'm going to amend this because of the pun.
Let's pile on the compliments to pile.
Right?
Andrew Pile made the LA office Wi-Fi run so much faster than it ever has before.
And I am sincerely impressed that he knows how to do that.
Maria, um, Andrew.
I just want to tell for you, but you have to give Pile compliment.
Pile gave me access to his Plex server.
So now I can watch a lot of obscure movies and TV shows that I couldn't have found
otherwise, so really, really happy about that.
Joel.
You know, Pile's been a father figure to not only his three sons, but also me,
where I feel treated pretty equally.
Like, we all get comments, not follow reviews.
We all get design reviews, sort of a collaborative approach to everything.
So it's great.
Yeah, love Pile.
Do you call Pile Dad?
How do you ever done it like on accident?
Dad, I mean, Pile, ah, that's so embarrassing.
He tends to not like it, especially if Peter's around, but sometimes
those one-on-one.
We should say, Peter's not around.
Peter's in France.
So I wouldn't worry about Peter.
And we haven't been in this regard.
How do you think Peter is fairing in France based on your daily interactions with him at work?
Is he, he's loving me?
He's swimming in the local pool.
He's going for bike rides.
He's getting his haircut and asking for what he wants in French and getting roughly what he asks for.
He's definitely not.
You haven't seen his hair lately, but it's, uh, it's interesting.
I haven't.
Does it look bad?
It's interesting.
Interesting.
Um, people are going to hate this episode.
So let's salvage it somehow.
I'm really good to have any ideas.
Why are people going to hate it?
It's too real.
I wanted to kind of put another game or something.
Another game because you told us to complement each other for the entire time.
Come on, each other for Pile.
Let's be grat, grateful.
Let's express gratitude for some deluxe style with the reason for that again.
I'm forgetting because I'm trying it.
Like this is a kind of like, you know, you guys are all very kind.
So I'm trying to like be normal for once, but not so normal that the content suffers.
Right?
Plum deluxe, T, club, community.
I found a random article.
I based the entire episode.
Fienders, sucks.
I'm looking forward to.
Tonight, we got a housechooling party,
Park East Manhattan, everything must go.
Is this your place?
This is my place.
I was uninvited.
You want the, do you want the lucky bamboo?
You can probably have it.
Um, and where did he, he heard you?
Yeah, go ahead.
I could tell.
So you are welcome as I said, you know, last minute invites are basically
a nice way of saying stay the fuck away.
Yeah, last time I had a party market and I didn't, I knew you were going to say this.
I knew you were going to bring it up and I knew that was why you didn't invite me.
And I knew that this episode would need saving midway through,
because every story needs a conflict,
because every hero had a comeback.
Joel still at his press conference.
Joel, did you guys play pranks on set?
Sorry, Jeff.
We did the thing where, so I peed in everyone's conditioner, which actually no one knew
and so this, like, now they'll find out that there were pranks on set,
but at the time, I think people just thought that their conditioner was sort of
you're in need.
All right, what's the worst slash weirdest job you've ever had at headgum?
Let's say task, right?
I can go, I can go worst for sure.
I don't know, it's a weirdness.
What about the one that broke your back, right?
Yeah, it's not like that, what?
We have to talk about it, probably wasn't from that.
Let's talk about it.
Basically, we were renovating an old New York studio and right before it.
Everyone was gone except for me.
I was waiting for a delivery from Home Depot.
Delivery arrived.
It was 10 sheets of drywall and 10 sheets of plywood left in front of the building on the
Also, it was raining sheets.
It was a, it was about to start raining sheets and no one was around for a reason I won't
say and a man like walked by and was like, do you need help?
And I was like, please, and I had to bring them all inside and it was rough.
It was hard to do.
So that was broke your back and doing it.
Why didn't you get workers' company?
I don't have to say that I broke my back doing it.
I did get workers' company a previous job before my back.
So it was just, like, something, something got worse after that.
Her needed disc or yeah, I'll five us one.
Reherneated last year or two years ago.
But we've talked about it.
Allie?
Sorry, what's the question?
What's the, we were slash weirdest job you've had at head gum?
Reekers was hauling drywall.
Worst, I don't know, nothing's been that bad.
Weirdest then, that's why there's two to choose from.
Okay.
Well, like ordering shrimp delivery first.
I did have, yeah, I did have to do that.
I did not have to, I randomly said,
oh, I'd love a shrimp cocktail and then it's showed up.
And that's a favorite.
Okay, so I'm sorry that I anticipated needs.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry I tried to make a dream come true.
No, that'll do it ordering a shrimp cocktail that ended up rotting in the bullpen.
Yeah, yeah, no, I was listening.
I was in charge of if, if you said, I need a shrimp cocktail,
making sure that one was on the way.
Making sure, or making shrimp.
Making sure the shrimp.
I'm still on record saying I would do another one.
But for longer, one week.
Either one for 48 hours that I know about or one for 24 again,
that I don't know about as long as my family's not in town.
How long did it take your body to recover from doing?
I haven't been the same since and I think it's a coincidence.
Just based off the normal track of my mental health, the planning last year.
But that's also a good question.
Then well, my mental health started to get better at the end of the year and then I
concussed myself. So now my mental is fine.
My physical is not quite right. Joel style.
Do not feel a hundred percent or you still are used to experiencing the actual
just canceled this because I'm not feeling well.
I just like, Joel, have you read a concussion?
You played sports.
All right, then I don't know what to say because I can't really
unless someone has had a concussion.
I'm really going to have an off guard.
I have another concussion.
But I haven't had eight right now.
That's all.
Is that from the content of the episode or
what is this?
What is this?
This is my OS.
Yeah, I don't have the setting on.
I don't have anything.
What's the, yeah, if you do something, there's like confetti and balloons.
Weird.
Okay.
If you could live anywhere for a year, where would you live?
And why would it be really far from Peter?
I don't think I'd actually be that far from Peter.
I'd probably like go to London for a year.
Okay.
And it wouldn't be you wouldn't do gay parry.
No, I, I don't need to go there.
Again, that need time soon to be honest.
What happened when you were there?
You didn't like.
Oh, you know, they, they don't like you there.
They're mean to me.
Yeah, but wait for a set.
These were now where you were.
Spritz was a touristy drink and that they didn't make cocktails,
even though there was a full bar behind her.
Where, where were you there?
Where was I there?
Where were you?
I was in there.
They said that.
I know.
I don't remember what.
Around this house.
We am.
It was nice to be on these malls.
It was by one of the stations.
Was it the 9th?
I know man.
Yeah, do you know.
Yeah, it was by Gelt, do you know?
Yeah, that's very, yeah.
Yeah.
Probably why.
It was like, no, it was like an old school
French restaurant.
And she was like, oh, cocktails.
And I was like, bizarre.
Okay.
They be safe.
Sure.
I'll go visit Peter, um, like on the coaster
France, that sounds cool.
I got to have Peter on the show to like dissect how he'd
made this whole France thing happen.
Is he on a, how did he get a work visa?
First of all, second of all, he didn't really.
So let's get him on the record on the zoom in the row.
He goes on the lamb.
Yeah, exactly right.
Allie.
Uh, I would live in Italy.
I don't care where.
Joel.
Uh, I think I got skipped for the previous question,
which is when I was, when the sales team from LA was here
and they were all out at some bar slash club.
And I was getting a bunch of texts like Joel,
it's not just like a want, Marty actually requires you
to come to this bar where I, that was like,
did you just think that felt like my job?
All right, um,
and yeah, I'll spend the year in Patagonia.
Nice.
Um, what's one of your most embarrassing memories that had gone?
It's a good.
I'm surprised that Joel doesn't have like 18 to choose from right now.
He's looking like he's stumped.
I feel like I've been on blast for the better part of the last week in our Slack channel,
honestly.
You pass the death of the channel?
No, the East channel.
What did you do?
Nothing, and they're just like photos of me.
Yeah, you're sitting in the park, photos of eating,
shake, shack, mushroom burgers, photos of like yogurt, I bought.
That's funny.
Well, because sage message to you,
it was like who's he yogurt is in the fridge and you put three
court-sized things of yogurt just in the fridge.
Joel, we're living in the New York studio.
I didn't want to bring it up because I don't want to judge him clearly.
It's hard times.
I did a year in the conference room.
Yeah, because now you're saying that you're doing a house cooling.
So I thought that it was that you were without a place to stay.
Now that I see that you're in a different apartment, I don't understand why you've been sleeping over.
When people thought I moved, they were right.
Yeah.
So you don't know if I told me.
Just come to the house for you.
Yeah.
So we need to breathe out.
Well, three of us are so rude for just letting us sit in that.
Yeah.
Jeff, are you, do you want to give anyone a compliment?
I did.
Oh, I didn't want to give me a compliment.
Yeah, but no one gives me some.
Yeah.
That's right.
The assignment was to give a compliment.
It was to give one of you a compliment.
Well, and you, Marie, go with a gotten three compliments.
If you guys hadn't adjusted the course of the entire episode by being like,
let's just all do one.
I think we kind of got back to where we needed to go, right?
We're going to adjust the course of the entire episode.
We took a slate detour.
When you guys are about to go on this Nashville offsite thing.
Yeah, are you telling me?
No, I begged Marty to let me come.
I really wanted to record an episode of the headgun podcast in Nashville,
where it was kind of like a rotating door where everybody had like 10 minutes.
Like on one of those things where we bike around drinking beer.
That's a better idea, maybe, or at the very least different.
No, it's like, you know, we have a setup.
We have the cameras and everything.
There's no time for that.
Because of all the team bonding nonsense that Marty does.
What's what's the schedule? Do you have it?
Yeah.
But Marty should have partying on.
Go through the schedule and be like, why?
Have them explain why each thing.
I'm not going to share what he currently wants to do.
But you should ask him and ask him why.
I'm cloth.
Well, Micah has your dad heard the rice songs?
He hasn't heard them, but I've told him about them.
He actually sent me a magazine that he and his friend are in.
That's over here.
Rice triumphantly.
That's three times a month.
Yeah.
I'll find it.
He was interviewed with his BFF, Hanif.
I imagine Rice will come up somewhere.
Have you read it? The interview?
No, I haven't had the time.
What have you been busy with?
Ork.
Yeah.
There he is.
That's lame.
That's amazing.
Yeah.
It's a great great pick.
Did he also appear on TV once?
Yeah, I mean, he's been in like some new segments.
I think he was on Good Morning America.
He was in Bonapetite.
It's really, I really,
Well, we should say Bonapetite.
Bonapetite, which is the dog version.
Yeah.
I feel like he should frame that.
He made rice flavor dog trees.
And went drier.
I really wanted him to be on the bear somehow.
I think they'll be really funny.
Well, I think they're doing their last two seasons in conjunction, shooting this year.
So get him on there.
Yeah, it's not going to happen.
All right, let's just fucking end it.
Plugs.
I thought this was fine.
I had a nice time.
Yeah.
I think we had a fun conversation mostly, but that's the issue.
The episode where we have the most fun.
Correct.
Are the ones that the fans hate?
I don't know.
Some dry sea or not, vice versa.
My favorite episode to the ones where there's like some kind of theme.
And what was like the even for this episode?
Gratitude.
Gratitude me shedding rigidity.
You're failing as dulling out resolutions.
What I don't really do want to use shedding rigidity.
Yeah, it's on the virus.
Okay.
It's like when tea comes out of the bag.
Brought it back to plumb deluxe.
I don't mind reaching out to plumb deluxe to try and get a sponsorship.
I'd love a tea sponsorship.
Yeah.
You know how, when you guys are about to move, Joel, you might get this.
Do you feel like you're about to change parts of your personality that you want to?
Because you're moving house.
I haven't, but that's a really good idea.
What would you change?
I feel like that every time I move.
I'm like in this new house, I'm going to be totally different.
I'm going to be healthier.
I'm going to drink tea and I'm not a tea guy.
I also feel like you really base your personality on location.
And how do you figure?
Because of Laurel Canyon.
A place I haven't quite been able to get into.
You've been close to it.
Yeah, we drove past it.
That makes sense for you.
With your current hairstyle, you're so Laurel Canyon.
Joel, come on.
Yeah, Joel.
I'll meet a stick up for you at it.
I'm giving you a compliment.
Joel, what neighborhood are you moving to?
Will you first broke you already said that?
I listened to Joel.
When?
I'm not even getting a headphone.
There's something head for the idea.
Yeah, I wasn't.
I didn't hear it.
I didn't know he was moving.
Moving?
Yeah, the point is moved, though.
I don't think you, I don't think you can change
to a Williamsburg person.
Which is a good feeling.
No, I disagree.
I think Joel is Williamsburg now.
Well, we were talking about it.
He's going to get really into overalls.
Ash-Kosh-Bagash, yeah.
Again, I think I don't think.
I don't think overalls were given a thing.
And Williamsburg, I think Williamsburg is parents now.
Joel is going to sneak past the national guard
with one of those things that he places on the tracks of the L.
And goes like this.
On my heart.
Yeah, that'll be Joel and overalls in reals.
That was a hit-dum original.